Fix month checker regex (#15678)
JabRef/jabref: CHANGELOG.md

- We fixed an issue where a warning was printed when the column name was empty. [#15571](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/15571)
- We fixed the Hayagriva YAML exporter producing a multi-document YAML file, which broke Typst compilation. [#15617](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/15617)
- We fixed security issues where it was possible to execute arbitary commands on the user's machine when the CAYW feature was used in combination with TexShop or Sublime Text [#15628](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/pull/15628)

> - Fixed issue where MonthChecker allowed partial matches for month values. [#15577](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/pull/15675)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed an issue where MonthChecker allowed partial matches for month values. [#15577](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/15577)
```
